hey it's Disneyworld and it's magic
hours which means nobody is here so we
get to ride everything but we've always
had this fear of Space Mountain that if
you put your arms up you'll get them
chopped off so we've got this trick we
do show them in this is what we do
because in Space Mountain there's
absolutely no way you can get your arms
chopped off if you do little arms we
call it let's be honest this way you can
add in any world right here with the
last ones to ride Space Mountain
awesome
yes
Oh
well done
nice hey it's me Destin I met some
really cool workers at Space Mountain
and they're gonna tell you something you
didn't know so you can get smarter every
day tell me something about Space
Mountain
it's 27 miles an hour both sides on the
track contrary to popular belief a side
and B side are Alpha and Omega they are
the same base Mountain is the same as
symmetric I didn't know that do you know
something else sure there is no rocket
13 there's no rocket 13 1 through 12 and
then 16 to 31 that's awesome you may
also know anything
some fans will not get chopped off into
going yet you can put your cousin here
in fear I've been scared all week about
putting my hands up and they said they
won't get chopped off you have to be out
of the tunnel cuz we can touch the
tunnel all right only a charged you will
know in Mickey's no Hidden Mickeys oh
and Mickey's is also filled 1975 and has
been the same track since 1975 really
designed by Walt Disney 13 years to
build that's awesome that's awesome
thanks guys have a great one
you are getting smarter every day
dude there's there's people everywhere
scared of getting their arms chopped off
what's up with that look at these people
you